docs(gnoconnect): add specs (#3615)
gnolang/gno: docs/resources/gnoconnect.md

# GnoConnect: Wallet & Client Integration Standard

GnoConnect is a standard for enabling wallets, clients, and SDKs (such as Adena

> Wallet, Gnoweb, and Gnobro) to interact seamlessly with Gnoland blockchains. It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallet, Gnoweb, and Gnobro) to interact seamlessly with Gno.land blockchains. It
```

defines how applications can discover connection details and construct
transaction links, making integration straightforward for both users and
developers.

> 

Author: 407203f1b
